Beta docs (#900)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Add-EntraBetaCustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionAllowedValues.md

# Add-EntraBetaCustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionAllowedValues

## Synopsis

Adds a predefined value for a custom security attribute definition.

## Syntax

```powershell
Add-EntraBetaCustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionAllowedValues 
 -IsActive <Boolean>
 -CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId <String> 
 -Id <String> 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

> Adds a predefined value for a Microsoft Entra ID custom security attribute definition.

Reviewer: Changes done.

## Examples

### Example 1: Add a predefined value for a Microsoft Entra ID custom security attribute definition

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'CustomSecAttributeDefinition.ReadWrite.All'

> $params = @{
>     CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId = 'Engineering_Project'
>     Id = 'Alpine'
>     IsActive = $true
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId = (Get-EntraBetaCustomSecurityAttributeDefinition -Id <attributename_attributedefinition>).Id
$params = @{
    CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId = $CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId
    Id = 'Alpine'
    IsActive = $true
}
```

Reviewer: Changes Done

> Add-EntraCustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionAllowedValues @params

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add-EntraBetaCustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionAllowedValues @params
```

Reviewer: Changes done

```

```Output
Name                           Value
----                           -----
@odata.context                 https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#directory/customSecurityAttributeDefinitions('Engineering_Project')/allowedValues/$entity
id                             Alpine
isActive                       True
```

> This example Add a predefined value for a custom security attributr definition.

Reviewer: changes done

> - `CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId` parameter specifies the custom security attribute definition ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `CustomSecurityAttributeDefinitionId` parameter specifies the custom security attribute definition ID. You can use the command `Get-EntraBetaCustomSecurityAttributeDefinition` to get the Id.
```

Reviewer: changes done

> - `Id` parameter specifies the ID of Microsoft Entra ID Object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Id` parameter specifies the identifier for the predefined value.
```

Reviewer: Changes done

```

### -Id

> The unique identifier of an object in Microsoft Entra ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The unique identifier for the predefined value, which can be up to 64 characters long and include Unicode characters. Spaces are allowed, but some special characters are not. This identifier is case sensitive, cannot be changed later, and is required.
```

Reviewer: changes done
